OK so we had a look at plug ins.
Now what's more Joels sounds similar right but is actually something different modules allows you to
add convenience features to your next app you could say and modules can be created by anyone in the
community.
Now I want to dive into the creation of modules which still is a bit more advanced.
You can find instructions on this on the official next pages but you can easily add modules created
by arbors.
Q Are at.
You can simply google for next modules to find this next community slash modules repository on this
repository you find a link of some modules.
But I recommend going to awesome next to this link here.
This will take you to a far more complete list of modules.
Now let's have a look at what modules we could use and how we add them.
For example there's DPW a module which quickly turns your next step into a P.W. a by automatically generating
a service worker for you which catches your automatically generated output files.
Also interesting to see ex-U.S. module.
We're already using axioms in our project.
But here we can add such a module to get a deeper integration and some convenience features all the
details can be found on that Marshall's page but let's not simply install it to see how we use it to
install it.
I'll quit the development server and then run NPM install dash dash save and now the command is at.
Next James slash X-ers as you can see on that page.
So let's execute this.
This will now download install this third party package and that's important.
These are for party packages not part of the official next package.
With this installed on rerun NPM run death and now we can add this module to them modules array.
As pointed out here on the Get her page you just added as a string to the modules array.
And that's just a package name you just installed at next jast slash axis.
With that added You also can add a special config item to the next config which previously wouldn't
have had any effect.
The axiom config.
Here you can configure it in the ways described on the official documentation.
The most interesting thing for us here is to base your conflict.
Yes we already did this with this environment variable and there's nothing wrong with that.
But now you actually have two ways you can set base your l like this year.
So just as explained here WIPs should be all capital case.
Your L character is here though.
And now we could use the same logic we used here in the environment variable to ever use and check the
base Eurail or use a string.
Now how do we use this axiom module though it does not replace our default ex-U.S. imports we have in
our app like here.
In our next server in it ection.
Instead here in the store you could use it anywhere by accessing this dollar sign.
X yes except for the next server in that action which is a special action since it runs on the server.
There you can access context dot app dot $ assign x yes.
So using the second argument X-ists is injected into your view app.
Therefore.
And just like you can access.
Dollar Sign router.
There For example you can now access poller sign ex-U.S. and you can find the full usage instructions
on the repository of that module.
Now this has a special method dollar sign get and dollar sign post and so on.
Which essentially wraps the methods here.
We can now get rid of this environment variable though because we set a base your L4 the entire package
and one of the advantages that we can get rid of the import here because it's already injected.
So these are already some of the convenience features I mentioned.
We can now of course also use it in our components like Indie's single post component here.
We can also get rid of the import here and use the injected x' by returning this dollar sign X-ists
dollar sign get and get rid of the environment variable because we set the base your L on the entire
exile's package the same for a single post in the admin area here.
We also don't need to import x years from there.
Instead we get this dollar sign X's and Dollar Sign get and for storing new posts or edited posts we
go back to the store where we have our actions here we can access this dollar sign dollar sign post
and the same for posting this dollars and X is dollar sign put.
And now we're using that module everywhere.
Modules simply adds utility functionality to our app with EDID everywhere.
We can still trout if our application works and I get an error because the get in the index Id fall.
You would normally use this STOLER site X-ists in your pages and your components but everywhere besides
async data here does runs on the server end just like nocked server in it.
Therefore this is not available on the next component or next instance which is not yet available but
instead on context app.
The same is true for the admin post area here in async data.
We access context app x yes this was a tiny mistake.
We should use that one important thing we need to adjust is X years.
Does inject that object conveniently doesn't force us to access to data on the response it gives us
just the data as a response so we don't need to extract it manually.
You can of course still adjust your settings to get the full response if you need it.
But here I happily take advantage of this so whenever you rely on the results data.
Just use data like this don't use resoled data so all the occurrences for you use that you should really
adjustors to directx as we're used to data you could back the X years module which wraps the main axes
package simply extracts it for you.
So it's all do that in the single post page here there.
I just want to return data which now actually the argument I'm getting there and the same of course
India's single post page for an admin here.
We also directly get the data instead of their response so we can directly pull out properties from
that data.
With this if we reload everything should work.
As for now here for a single post we get an error.
This is coming from the x' module though so let's quickly adjust something into conflict.
Let's set credentials to false.
This will now not try to pass any cookie sends on to the back end.
Which I read don't want to do here because we're having a restful API as a back in here and I don't
need to pass any credentials to it.
If we set credentials to falls here in the Access conflict in Anax called thick and I then go back to
our main blog page and reload it and go back to a single post.
Now this should work and then the admin area.
We should also be able to Wakely create a little post here with some dummy content and that also seemed
to work.
The image of course isn't found because it was not a valid lake.
So this is now all working.
We now got a module added and this is what modules do in general.
They add certain functionalities they add convenience features like having easier and pre-configured
access access or adding these PWO a feature I mentioned to get a progressive Web app out of the box.
Definitely explorer a list of modules and see if there is something you can use in your next next project.
Modules can really make development even easier.